In Q1 to Q11, only one option is correct, choose the correct option:
1.	Which of the following methods do we use to find the best fit line for data in Linear Regression?
A)	Least Square Error	B) Maximum Likelihood
C) Logarithmic Loss	D) Both A and B

Answer: A) Least Square Error
2.	Which of the following statement is true about outliers in linear regression?
A)	Linear regression is sensitive to outliers	B) linear regression is not sensitive to outliers
C) Can’t say	D) none of these

Answer: A) Linear regression is sensitive to outliers
3.	A line falls from left to right if a slope is 	?
A)	Positive	B) Negative
C) Zero	D) Undefined

Answer: B) Negative
4.	Which of the following will have symmetric relation between dependent variable and independent variable?
A)	Regression	B) Correlation
C) Both of them	D) None of these

Answer: B) Correlation

5.	Which of the following is the reason for over fitting condition?
A)	High bias and high variance	B) Low bias and low variance
C) Low bias and high variance	D) none of these
Answer: C) Low bias and high variance

6.	If output involves label then that model is called as:
A)	Descriptive model	B) Predictive modal
C) Reinforcement learning	D) All of the above
Answer: B) Predictive Model

7.	Lasso and Ridge regression techniques belong to 	?
A)	Cross validation	B) Removing outliers
C) SMOTE	D) Regularization
Answer: D) Regularization

8.	To overcome with imbalance dataset which technique can be used?
A)	Cross validation	B) Regularization
C) Kernel	D) SMOTE
Answer: D) SMOTE

9.	The AUC Receiver Operator Characteristic (AUCROC) curve is an evaluation metric for binary classification problems. It uses 	to make graph?
A)	TPR and FPR	B) Sensitivity and precision
C) Sensitivity and Specificity	D) Recall and precision
Answer: A) TPR and FPR

10.	In AUC Receiver Operator Characteristic (AUCROC) curve for the better model area under the curve should be less.
A)	True	B) False
  Answer: B) False

11.	Pick the feature extraction from below:
A)	Construction bag of words from a email
B)	Apply PCA to project high dimensional data
C)	Removing stop words
D)	Forward selection

Answer: B) Apply PCA to project high dimensional data


In Q12, more than one options are correct, choose all the correct options:
12.	Which of the following is true about Normal Equation used to compute the coefficient of the Linear Regression?
A)	We don’t have to choose the learning rate.
B)	It becomes slow when number of features is very large.
C)	We need to iterate.
D)	It does not make use of dependent variable.

Answer: A), B) & D) 
Q13 and Q15 are subjective answer type questions, Answer them briefly.
13.	Explain the term regularization?
14.	Which particular algorithms are used for regularization?
15.	Explain the term error present in linear regression equation?

Answer 13 - 
